In the centre of Shri Golok is God's Akshardhām. What is it like? It is as radiant as millions upon millions of suns, moons and fires; it is divine and extremely luminous; it is in the form of sat-chit-ānand; it is known as Brahmapur, amrutdhām, the supreme abode, endless and boundless, Brahma, chidākāsh. In that Akshardhām resides Shri Krishna Bhagwān forever. What is He like? He is known as Purushottam, Vāsudev, Nārāyan, Paramātmā, Brahma, Parabrahma, Ishwar, Parameshwar, Vishnu. Moreover, what is that God like? He is beyond kshar and akshar, omniscient, the doer of all, controller of all, the inner controller of all, the cause of all causes, nirgun, self-illuminating, independent. Infinite millions of brahmarup mukts worthy of His worship. He performs the creation, sustenance and dissolution of infinite millions of brahmānds as His divine play. He inspires His own powers – prakruti-purush, kāl, etc. He is the king of kings of infinite millions of brahmānds. He is forever in adolescent form, as beautiful as millions upon millions of Cupids, with a complexion dark like a fresh cloud. He is adorned with priceless and divine ornaments and garments of various types. He wears makar-shaped earrings in His ears, a crown studded with various gems on His head, His lotus-like eyes are as tender as the petals of a lotus in the Sharad season. He has smeared His limbs with highly fragrant sandalwood paste. He plays the flute with a sweet voice. Rādhikāji and Lakshmiji worship Him. He is served by manifest divine weapons like Sudarshan, and countless attendants like Nanda, Sunanda and Shridāmā. His form is radiant like millions upon millions of suns and moons. He possesses infinite millions of auspicious virtues. Dharma, jnān, vairāgya, etc. divine powers and animādi siddhis serve His lotus feet. The four Vedas in manifest form praise Him. He sustains the chaturvyuh like Vāsudev, and the 24 murtis like Keshav, as well as avatars like Varāh.